All right.
Let's do this.
Let's train our record a new network and let's find out about the final accuracy.
So this time compiling the model will be quite different because we'll have a different optimizer a
different laws and a different metrics as opposed to the two previous new networks you know the CNN
and the CNN which had the exact same compiling but this time indeed we still use the compound method
but to which we input different arguments.
The first one optimizer is going to be the army's prop optimizer which is indeed the most recommended
optimizer for record new networks.
You could still use an atom optimizer but in most of the cases using an iron in the arm as prop leads
to better results then the loss is not going to be as before sparse categorical cross entropy.
But binary cross entropy I'm sure you know why.
That's because this time we're predicting a binary result as opposed to a multi class result like before
you know we had to predict a class among 10 possible outcomes.
And here the outcome can only be 0 or 1 in 0 0 4 negative review 1 for positive review and therefore
in that case when we are doing basically binary classification well the less used is binary cross entropy.
So now you know this and then for the metrics same we're not going to use like before sparse categorical
accuracy but simply accuracy.
That's the simple parameters name given when you are doing binary classification.
So you know it's very simple when you're doing binary classification.
The last is binary cross entropy and the matrix is accuracy.
And when you're doing multi class classification the list is sparse categorical cross entropy and the
metric is both categorical accuracy.
Right.
So it's good that you see both situations and now basically you can do any classification with any neural
networks.
And so there you go that connects your model to the right optimizer you know the most recommended one
the appropriate laws and the appropriate accuracy metric.
And so just before we train a moral Well let's have a look at its summary by just calling the summary
function from our model and indeed we get a sequential model you know as a sequence of layers starting
with a first and bearing layer composed of 128 columns encoding each word into this embedding matrix
representation of words.
Then the second layer is an Alice gem with 128 units or Elysium cells.
And finally the output layer fully connected to the previous LC M layer with only one unit corresponding
of course to the final output the predictions.
And so in total we will have two million six hundred ninety one thousand seven hundred and thirteen
parameters two trains.
These are of course the weights that will be updated by the arms optimizer during stochastic gradient
descent went back propagating the binary cross entropy plus during back propagation then we have the
same number of trainable parameters because we have no hyper parameter insider will network.
All right so we compiled our moral the right way and now let's train it and you're going to see that
this time the way we train it is slightly different from before because we are going to include a batch
size.
There you go.
You know before we didn't have a batch size we just provided a certain number of epochs.
And of course the inputs and the targets in the real classes with the ground truth.
And so this time well I included a batch size because indeed I wanted to get great results to give you
some challenging exercises for you to try and improve this.
So there you go.
We have a batch size of 128 meaning that you're going to feed the neural network with different batches
each one having one hundred and twenty eight input reviews all tatted of course.
So instead of feeding the new network with either single observations or the full training set well
you're going to feed the record into one network with batches of 128 reviews and all these batches will
be extracted of course from exchange.
And so let's do this let's run this cell.
It's already executed of course.
And we get the three following epochs with the following accuracies in the first epoch we already reached
a pretty high accuracy with 78 percent.
But that's not all.
The second epoch led to a great improvement with 88 percent accuracy and the third epoch showed another
improvement because it went up to ninety one percent accuracy.
So again you should try with more bugs you should get some higher accuracy as you can see the results
are really good.
But don't forget let's not scream victory yet.
We have to check the accuracy on the evaluation set as well and mostly on the evaluation set and we
get you know still by calling the same evaluate method which takes the input of course the test set
composed of X test and Y test and returning the teslas and the test accuracy.
And so by executing this we get a superb accuracy of 85 percent so the accuracy is quite much lower
than the one in training set.
So maybe that should give you some ideas of what to do to improve the accuracy on the evaluation set.
Maybe we have a little bit of overfishing so you know the solution to overfishing.
You'll try that in the exercises but there you go.
That's still very good.
Eighty five percent.
Well that's surely a great job.
But remember that the aim to be movie reviews data set as clearly said here is intended to serve as
a benchmark for sentiment classification and you might imagine that this 85 percent accuracy is way
below the leader board.
So that's also the purpose of using this data set it is to check the power and the performance of your
morale in order to try new Arnold models with different architectures and different hybrid parameters
and tools like the optimizer or a tunable hyper parameter like the batch size to improve the results.
All right.
And as usual I added this print just to get the test accuracy which is of course the same 85 percent.
So try to be this or simply do the exercises that will still be a great thing for your skills.
And then as soon as you feel confident with record neural networks.
Well let us move on to the next section of this course about deep learning.
So we are entering a branch closer to artificial intelligence.
And this is where also we'll start some real world applications we can do with tons of load 2.0.
So these applications will be done with the CO instructor of this course Luca and is seen I already
know he's super pumped to do these applications with you.
So you will have fun with him and on my side was a pleasure to share these new knowledge about sensor
flow 2.0 with you with the three classic neural networks Aon and CNN and Arnon and I wish you to have
great success and also fun not only with Luca and the rest of this course but also in your projects
and in your career.
So I'll see you in the next course.
I look forward to.
And until then enjoy deep learning in A.I. with tens of.